Support Federation Spec 2.7 (#3420)
strawberry-graphql/strawberry: RELEASE.md

Release type: minor

> Update federation support for v2.6 which includes the @authenticated, @requiresScopes, and @policy directives.
> 
> ```
>     @strawberry.federation.type(
>         authenticated=True,
>         policy=[["client", "poweruser"], ["admin"]],
>         requires_scopes=[["client", "poweruser"], ["admin"]]
>     )
>     class Product(SomeInterface):
>         upc: str
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
This release adds support for Apollo Federation v2.6 which includes the `@authenticated`, `@requiresScopes`, and `@policy` directives.

As usual, we have first class support for them in the `strawberry.federation` namespace, here's an example:

```python
@strawberry.federation.type(
    authenticated=True,
    policy=[["client", "poweruser"], ["admin"]],
    requires_scopes=[["client", "poweruser"], ["admin"]]
)
class Product(SomeInterface):
    upc: str
```
````

Author: Thanks! I'll play with that test and I'll it get \@override updated to get to 2.7.  Probably will be sometime Monday.

Author: update to support fed spec 2.7
